2023.11.0 Whats-new (#8461)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

    np.random.seed(123456)

.. _whats-new.2023.11.0:

v2023.11.0 (Nov 16, 2023)
-------------------------

This release brings the ability to use ``opt_einsum`` for :py:func:`xarray.dot` by default,
support for auto-detecting ``region`` when writing partial datasets to Zarr, and the use of h5py
drivers with ``h5netcdf``.

> Thanks to the 17 contributors to this release:
> Aman Bagrecha, Anderson Banihirwe, Ben Mares, Deepak Cherian, Dimitri Papadopoulos Orfanos, Ezequiel Cimadevilla Alvarez,
> Illviljan, Justus Magin, Katelyn FitzGerald, Martin Durant, Maximilian Roos, Metamess, Sam Levang, Spencer Clark, Tom Nicholas, mgunyho, templiert

Author: ```suggestion
Thanks to the 19 contributors to this release:
Aman Bagrecha, Anderson Banihirwe, Ben Mares, Deepak Cherian, Dimitri Papadopoulos Orfanos, Ezequiel Cimadevilla Alvarez,
Illviljan, Justus Magin, Katelyn FitzGerald, Kai Muehlbauer, Martin Durant, Maximilian Roos, Metamess, Sam Levang, Spencer Clark, Tom Nicholas, mgunyho, templiert
```

    np.random.seed(123456)

.. _whats-new.2023.11.0:

v2023.11.0 (Nov 16, 2023)
-------------------------

.. tip::

>      `This is our 10th year anniversary release! <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/discussions/8462>`_. Thank you for your love and support.

Author: ```suggestion
     `This is our 10th year anniversary release! <https://github.com/pydata/xarray/discussions/8462>`_ Thank you for your love and support.
```
